our tradition of the interior
to gather the defurv
on the table after dinner dear listener to the sound of the viola
these wonderful causes that make our Brazilian culture
more caipira gives a license based on her matches, she arrived in Brazil
home that program that takes to you the viola culture of the violeiros poets
popular and caipiras the culture of brazil wonderful and you need to know
participates with us do not give half to the real forest fabíola brasil @terra
I got a little danger and I want to let you know,
was in Belo Horizonte the meeting of my countries or next to the great penalty
white this root music icon because it will be elano fred and austria 25
April, the father writing down there is already getting ready so we're together in a
wonderful name cantoria in today's program how to receive a guest a
Today's wonderful flight will be a very special program because beyond
of the viola poles that the path goes along
this cable that will tell us several causes and will interpret with your
character pedro receives in the edict of girls my dear john is something fair
accompanied by julien violeiro
Thank you, and you and your countryman character to our land if it's going to be like this.
and I think I'll start at 2pm in Brazil, the second program, the Caipiras River
Thank you so much for the segment is here with you.
- great satisfaction to the people who cover it and can present this
Our country's character I'm ferrinha
We come with a lot of honor that presents for you and for the whole
the viewers of the tv skyline scoring very well accompanied young pc
goalkeeper who on trial
the cool cop
second Ana
let's do the following email accepted it as this problem playing
but 2d the archer face the catalog that would suffer nárcio ball Hello
an announcement
better but decreases of game is more delicate of the subject
it's an occasion
but if you refrain from raising chicken
helped and I he and the woman
the very essence inner card
I started at the entrance of agenor this committee is one thing or another
the help animals that will start raising chicken this way but it will not me
call that shivers the miles / ho cardozo
milkman
the idea is that residents of contaminated marine areas
the jair and dietician of tcu to know
a solo group
I settle and I cry and I ask for money by iarley
I got it and medicine
arrived at a failure to sell
Good afternoon, I said
there he responded to take each day of this testimony to the point of damnation
vintage nothing
and there is the brand you can be satisfied I came here to buy
I have already given it my age.
He answered me and I in the backlands.
I have corn
nobody but I see in defense of the southern overseas
michael give right said
negative heat
I went general
the carini though
I can see the stuffed border
to japeri
worked the non-corn
the cleveland I thought was fagy is that the right choice the aircraft
Tadeu left.
now i got home ipea projects garcia admitted was to buy
she is woman I do not know that things still cost euros
because the fulham in the net to buy 8 s
cleide tavares mudinha arroyos was rice
now in favor of corner kicking a minute and a half
Today I'm even wanting to go to school after my trip.
nothing more than an imi game and to attack